feat: migrate ordinals api to ordhook repo (#389)
hirosystems/hord: api/ordinals/docs/feature-guides/rate-limiting.md

---
Title: Rate Limiting for Ordinals API
---

# Rate Limiting for Ordinals API

The Rate Limit per Minute(RPM) is applied to all the API endpoints based on the requested token addresses.

| **Endpoint**                                                                                | **Rate per minute(RPM) limit** |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |-----------------------|

> | api.mainnet.hiro.so/ordinals | <br/> 500 <br/> <br/> |

Reviewer: I think the rate limits are outdated https://docs.hiro.so/stacks/api/usage#rate-limits 
```suggestion

| **Endpoint**                 | **API Key Used**   | **Rate per minute(RPM) limit** |
|------------------------------|--------------------|--------------------------------|
| api.mainnet.hiro.so/ordinals | No                 | 50                             |
| api.mainnet.hiro.so/ordinals | Yes                | 500                            |
```

> If you need an API key, you can apply for one [here](https://survey.hiro.so/hiroapi).

Reviewer: I’ve copied the text from the page it was opening. Before it was an extra step for end users, if it helps on analytics please close this comment.

```suggestion
If you're interested in obtaining an API key from Hiro, you can generate a free key in the [Hiro Platform](https://platform.hiro.so/).
```
